gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c cpl_bcinterp.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c cpl_land.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c cpl_land_model.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c cpl_main_interface.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c cpl_sea.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c cpl_sea_model.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c dyn_geop.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c dyn_grtend.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c dyn_implic.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c dyn_sptend.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c dyn_step.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c dyn_stloop.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_agcm_init.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_impint.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_indyns.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_inbcon.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_iniatm.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_inphys.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_inirdf.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_invars.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_stepone.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ini_fordate.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c phy_convmf.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c phy_lscond.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c phy_phypar.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c phy_radiat.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c phy_shtorh.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c phy_suflux.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c phy_vdifsc.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ppo_diagns.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ppo_restart.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ppo_setctl.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ppo_setgrd.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ppo_tminc.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ppo_dmflux.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ppo_tmout.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c ppo_dmout.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c spe_matinv.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c spe_spectral.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c spe_subfft_fftpack.f
gfortran  -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` -c at_gcm.f
gfortran -O3 -fdefault-real-8 -fconvert=big-endian -frecord-marker=4 cpl_bcinterp.o cpl_land.o cpl_land_model.o cpl_main_interface.o cpl_sea.o cpl_sea_model.o dyn_geop.o dyn_grtend.o dyn_implic.o dyn_sptend.o dyn_step.o dyn_stloop.o ini_agcm_init.o ini_impint.o ini_indyns.o ini_inbcon.o ini_iniatm.o ini_inphys.o ini_inirdf.o ini_invars.o ini_stepone.o ini_fordate.o phy_convmf.o phy_lscond.o phy_phypar.o phy_radiat.o phy_shtorh.o phy_suflux.o phy_vdifsc.o ppo_diagns.o ppo_restart.o ppo_setctl.o ppo_setgrd.o ppo_tminc.o ppo_dmflux.o ppo_tmout.o ppo_dmout.o spe_matinv.o spe_spectral.o spe_subfft_fftpack.o  read_write_netcdf.f `nf-config --fflags --flibs` at_gcm.o -o imp.exe  
